whoa - the crown of pride to the
whoa - the crown of pride to the drunkards of Ephraim whose glorious
drunkards of Ephraim whose glorious
drunkards of Ephraim whose glorious beauty is a fading flower which is at
beauty is a fading flower which is at
beauty is a fading flower which is at the head of the verdant valleys to those
the head of the verdant valleys to those
the head of the verdant valleys to those who are overcome with wine behold the
who are overcome with wine behold the
who are overcome with wine behold the Lord has a mighty and strong one like a
Lord has a mighty and strong one like a
Lord has a mighty and strong one like a tempest of hail and a destroying storm
tempest of hail and a destroying storm
tempest of hail and a destroying storm like a flood of mighty waters
like a flood of mighty waters
like a flood of mighty waters overflowing who will bring them down to
overflowing who will bring them down to
overflowing who will bring them down to the earth with his hand the crown of
the earth with his hand the crown of
the earth with his hand the crown of pride the drunkards of Ephraim will be
pride the drunkards of Ephraim will be
pride the drunkards of Ephraim will be trampled underfoot and the glorious
trampled underfoot and the glorious
trampled underfoot and the glorious beauty is a fading flower which is at
beauty is a fading flower which is at
beauty is a fading flower which is at the head of the verdant Valley like the
the head of the verdant Valley like the
the head of the verdant Valley like the first fruit before the summer which an
first fruit before the summer which an
first fruit before the summer which an observer sees he eats it up while it is
observer sees he eats it up while it is
observer sees he eats it up while it is still in his hand in that day the Lord
still in his hand in that day the Lord
still in his hand in that day the Lord of Hosts will be for a crown of glory
of Hosts will be for a crown of glory
of Hosts will be for a crown of glory and a diadem of beauty to the remnant of
and a diadem of beauty to the remnant of
and a diadem of beauty to the remnant of his people for a spirit of justice to
his people for a spirit of justice to
his people for a spirit of justice to him who sits in judgment and for
him who sits in judgment and for
him who sits in judgment and for strength to those who turn back the
strength to those who turn back the
strength to those who turn back the battle at the gate but they also have
battle at the gate but they also have
battle at the gate but they also have erred through wine and through
erred through wine and through
erred through wine and through intoxicating drink are out of the way
intoxicating drink are out of the way
intoxicating drink are out of the way the priest and the prophet have erred
the priest and the prophet have erred
the priest and the prophet have erred through intoxicating drink they are
through intoxicating drink they are
through intoxicating drink they are swallowed up by wine they are out of the
swallowed up by wine they are out of the
swallowed up by wine they are out of the way through intoxicating drink they err
way through intoxicating drink they err
way through intoxicating drink they err in vision they stumble in judgment for
in vision they stumble in judgment for
in vision they stumble in judgment for all tables are full of vomit and filth
all tables are full of vomit and filth
all tables are full of vomit and filth no place is clean whom will he teach
no place is clean whom will he teach
no place is clean whom will he teach knowledge and who will he make to
knowledge and who will he make to
knowledge and who will he make to understand the message
understand the message
understand the message those just weaned from milk those just
those just weaned from milk those just
those just weaned from milk those just drawn from the breasts for precept must
drawn from the breasts for precept must
drawn from the breasts for precept must be upon precept precept upon precept
be upon precept precept upon precept
be upon precept precept upon precept line upon line line upon line here a
line upon line line upon line here a
line upon line line upon line here a little there a little for with
little there a little for with
little there a little for with stammering lips and another tongue he
stammering lips and another tongue he
stammering lips and another tongue he will speak to this people to whom he
will speak to this people to whom he
will speak to this people to whom he said this is the rest with which you may
said this is the rest with which you may
said this is the rest with which you may cause the weary to rest
cause the weary to rest
cause the weary to rest and this is the refreshing yet they
and this is the refreshing yet they
and this is the refreshing yet they would not hear but the word of the Lord
would not hear but the word of the Lord
would not hear but the word of the Lord was to them precept upon precept precept
was to them precept upon precept precept
was to them precept upon precept precept upon precept line upon line line upon
upon precept line upon line line upon
upon precept line upon line line upon line here a little there a little that
line here a little there a little that
line here a little there a little that they might go and fall backward and be
they might go and fall backward and be
they might go and fall backward and be broken and snared and caught therefore
broken and snared and caught therefore
broken and snared and caught therefore hear the word of the Lord use scornful
hear the word of the Lord use scornful
hear the word of the Lord use scornful men who rule this people who are in
men who rule this people who are in
men who rule this people who are in Jerusalem because you have said we have
Jerusalem because you have said we have
Jerusalem because you have said we have made a covenant with death and with
made a covenant with death and with
made a covenant with death and with Sheol
Sheol
Sheol we are in agreement when the overflowing
we are in agreement when the overflowing
we are in agreement when the overflowing scourge passes through it will not come
scourge passes through it will not come
scourge passes through it will not come to us for we have made lies our refuge
to us for we have made lies our refuge
to us for we have made lies our refuge and under falsehood we have hidden
and under falsehood we have hidden
and under falsehood we have hidden ourselves therefore thus says the Lord
ourselves therefore thus says the Lord
ourselves therefore thus says the Lord God behold I lay in Zion a stone for a
God behold I lay in Zion a stone for a
God behold I lay in Zion a stone for a foundation a tried stone a precious
foundation a tried stone a precious
foundation a tried stone a precious cornerstone a sure foundation whoever
cornerstone a sure foundation whoever
cornerstone a sure foundation whoever believes will not act hastily also I
believes will not act hastily also I
believes will not act hastily also I will make justice the measuring line and
will make justice the measuring line and
will make justice the measuring line and righteousness the plummet the hail will
righteousness the plummet the hail will
righteousness the plummet the hail will sweep away the refuge of lies and the
sweep away the refuge of lies and the
sweep away the refuge of lies and the waters will overflow the hiding places
waters will overflow the hiding places
waters will overflow the hiding places your covenant with death will be
your covenant with death will be
your covenant with death will be annulled and your agreement with Sheol
annulled and your agreement with Sheol
annulled and your agreement with Sheol will not stand when the overflowing
will not stand when the overflowing
will not stand when the overflowing scourge passes through then you will be
scourge passes through then you will be
scourge passes through then you will be trampled down by it as often as it goes
trampled down by it as often as it goes
trampled down by it as often as it goes out it will take you for morning by
out it will take you for morning by
out it will take you for morning by morning it will pass over and by day
morning it will pass over and by day
morning it will pass over and by day and by night it will be a terror just to
and by night it will be a terror just to
and by night it will be a terror just to understand the report
for the bed is too short to stretch out
for the bed is too short to stretch out on and the covering so narrow that one
on and the covering so narrow that one
on and the covering so narrow that one cannot wrap himself in it for the Lord
cannot wrap himself in it for the Lord
cannot wrap himself in it for the Lord will rise up as at Mount Gerizim he will
will rise up as at Mount Gerizim he will
will rise up as at Mount Gerizim he will be angry as in the valley of Gibeon that
be angry as in the valley of Gibeon that
be angry as in the valley of Gibeon that he may do his work his awesome work and
he may do his work his awesome work and
he may do his work his awesome work and bring to pass his act his unusual act
bring to pass his act his unusual act
bring to pass his act his unusual act now therefore do not be mockers lest
now therefore do not be mockers lest
now therefore do not be mockers lest your bonds be made strong for I have
your bonds be made strong for I have
your bonds be made strong for I have heard from the Lord God of hosts a
heard from the Lord God of hosts a
heard from the Lord God of hosts a destruction determined even upon the
destruction determined even upon the
destruction determined even upon the whole earth give ear and hear my voice
whole earth give ear and hear my voice
whole earth give ear and hear my voice listen and hear my speech does the
listen and hear my speech does the
listen and hear my speech does the ploughman keep plowing all day too so
ploughman keep plowing all day too so
ploughman keep plowing all day too so does he keep turning his soil and
does he keep turning his soil and
does he keep turning his soil and breaking the clods when he has leveled
breaking the clods when he has leveled
breaking the clods when he has leveled its surface does he not so the black
its surface does he not so the black
its surface does he not so the black cumin and scattered the cumin plant the
cumin and scattered the cumin plant the
cumin and scattered the cumin plant the wheat in rows the barley in the
wheat in rows the barley in the
wheat in rows the barley in the appointed place and the spelt in its
appointed place and the spelt in its
appointed place and the spelt in its place for he instructs him in right
place for he instructs him in right
place for he instructs him in right judgment his God teaches him for the
judgment his God teaches him for the
judgment his God teaches him for the black cumin is not threshed with a
black cumin is not threshed with a
black cumin is not threshed with a threshing sledge nor is a cartwheel
threshing sledge nor is a cartwheel
threshing sledge nor is a cartwheel rolled over the cumin but the black
rolled over the cumin but the black
rolled over the cumin but the black cumin is beaten out with a stick and the
cumin is beaten out with a stick and the
cumin is beaten out with a stick and the cumin with a rod bread flour must be
cumin with a rod bread flour must be
cumin with a rod bread flour must be ground therefore he does not Thresh it
ground therefore he does not Thresh it
ground therefore he does not Thresh it for ever break it with his cart wheel or
for ever break it with his cart wheel or
for ever break it with his cart wheel or crush it with his horsemen this also
crush it with his horsemen this also
crush it with his horsemen this also comes from the Lord of hosts who is
comes from the Lord of hosts who is
comes from the Lord of hosts who is wonderful in council and excellent in
wonderful in council and excellent in
wonderful in council and excellent in guidance